a = ["Part 1: I am a member of the flight simulation community, and my avatar is a jet fighter pilot. Like most avatars in this community, mine is an avatar that looks exactly like me: it’s a pretty girl with long dark hair. She has no name; I don’t know what her name would be in real life, but I call her ‘My Jet’ because that is how I feel about her.", 
"Part 2: I have been flying jets for over twenty years now, and she is one of the best pilots on Twitch Chat. Over the last couple months, we got to talking during some of my livestreams and she asked if I had ever flown in competition before.",
"Part 3: I told her that I had only tried once or twice back when I was younger and never really won. I am not particularly competitive by nature, so I didn’t think much about it after that conversation.", 
"Part 4: A few weeks later, however, she messaged me privately asking if I wanted to fly in a big tournament that was coming up soon. I said sure, thinking nothing of it. the next day, she sent me information on the event: the Twitch Chat Online Championship.",
"Part 5: I was curious about this event since I hadn't heard of it before, but I figured it might just be another regular online tournament I could fly in every year and thought little more about it.",
"Part 6: A week later, I received an email from someone named Mike, who said he was the organizer of the tournament. He explained that this was going to be a huge event, and asked if I was interested in participating. again, I decided to say yes without thinking too hard about it. The next morning, I logged into Twitch Chat and saw that the tournament had begun.",
"Part 7: There were twelve teams, each made up of six pilots. We all flew together on one large server, and our team was called the Super-Fighters. There was another team called the Deathhawks. We did not get along well at first. We spent many hours flying together, learning tactics and getting used to one another's styles.",
"Part 8: Ultimately, we came to respect each other as individuals. By the end of the tournament, we were truly friends, and we had all learned a lot from the experience.",
"Part 9: I know this sounds crazy, but that was the moment when I realized what a special place my Twitch Chat community is: it feels more like a family than anything else. our families don't care where you live or how old you are or what your race is.",
"Part 10: They don't judge us based on our political beliefs or the clothes we wear or even whether or not we're married. When we talk, we can speak freely, and we don't fear being ostracized for our opinions. It took me a long time to understand this, but now that I do, I appreciate it more than I can express in words.",
"Part 11: The next step will be for 'My Jet' to compete in the IVAO Flight Simulator Championship Tournament -IVAO FSC-, which is held in real life at various locations around the world. There are usually five to eight qualifying rounds held throughout the year.",
"Part 12: In addition to these qualifiers, there is also the IVAO World Air Games, which includes two days of online events. The winners of these games earn medals, which are given out in recognition of their skill level.",
"Part 13: I'm looking forward to watching 'My Jet' compete against the best pilots in the world. against all odds, she did win first place in the online championship tournament; but it didn't take place at a location outside of my home; it happened right here on Twitch Chat! If anyone can do it again at an IVAO FSC event outside of Twitch Chat, it's 'My Jet'",
"Part 14: But then, something happened that none of us expected. A man appeared on our Twitch Chat channel, claiming to be an employee of the IVAO Flight Simulation Organization.",
"Part 15: He gave us his name, and invited us to meet him face-to-face, if we were serious about wanting to play in the IVAO Flight Sim Championship Tournament. We agreed to meet, and the four of us set off for Paris, France. Little did we know, this would lead to the downfall of IVAO as we knew it.",
"Part 16: It wasn't until the second day of the tournament that we began to realize what a terrible mistake we'd made. The tournament itself was exciting, and we were all anxious to see how things would turn out.",
"Part 17: Everything seemed to be going according to plan - 'My Jet' had taken a strong lead in the competition, and things seemed to be looking clear. But then it took a turn for the worst.",
"Part 18: The tournament ended abruptly, after less than ten minutes of game play. All of the contestants had been disqualified for cheating, and we were all banned from playing on the IVAO servers forever.",
"Part 19: The tournament organizers claimed that the use of cheats in our gameplay was so widespread, it was impossible to determine whose gameplay was legitimate, and whose was not. They refused to allow us to continue playing, because they couldn't tell us apart from the cheaters.",
"Part 20: This was a disaster. Our entire gaming community had just been ruined, thanks to the actions of a single man. What was worse, the man responsible had gone completely unpunished. This was a travesty of justice, and I vowed to find a way to make them pay.",
"Part 21: I was still angry over the incident with the IVAO flight sim championship. I wanted to do whatever it took to bring the perpetrators to justice, so I turned to my friend 'The Ghost,' who had been a part of the original crew.",
"Part 22: He was a fellow member of the community, and we had known each other for years. We had worked together in the past, but this was the first time we'd ever done something so dangerous. I asked if he could help me, and he said that he might be able to get me.",
"Part 23: With the help of my avatar 'My Jet' and my friend 'The Ghost,' we decided on a plan to bring justice to this mysterious man. We started by looking through the internet, and discovered that he lived in Sweden. It was almost impossible to get ahold of him, unless we found a way to trick him into accepting a phone call.",
"Part 24: One night, while I was on a livestream, my friend 'The Ghost' contacted me. He said that he had a way to contact the man who ruined our lives, but he needed my help to pull it off.",
"Part 25: At first, I was unsure about the idea. I felt as though it was too risky. But when I thought about it, I realized that everything was already lost anyway, and I may as well go down trying to get revenge.",
"Part 26: If I stayed in my house, I would only lose more sleep at night, worrying about the future of the community I love so much. I agreed to help, and he said that we should meet at the local pub at 6:00 p.m., the following evening.",
"Part 27: On the night of the meeting, I met 'The Ghost' in the middle of a forest. He handed me an envelope containing a map. 'Here's the plan,' he said, 'first, you need to change your appearance. I'll give you a disguise, so no one will recognize you in the real world. I've also included a photo of the man, so you can put yourself in his place.'",
"Part 28: He showed me a picture of the man, who looked very different from how he actually looked. 'The guy's name is Sven Torgerson,' 'The Ghost' said. 'If you want to sneak in and steal his identity, you need to look like him. You'll fit in perfectly if you dress like a Swedish man about thirty years younger than him.'",
"Part 29: The next thing he gave me was a pair of sunglasses. 'This disguise will make it appear as though you're blind. No one will notice you, because you won't be able to see them.' 'The Ghost' also gave me a small microphone, which I placed under my shirt. It was connected to a hidden amplifier, which would amplify my voice in order to sound like it came from the man himself.",
"Part 30: 'Now, let's go!' he said. 'Let's get this show on the road!' We walked through the woods, following the map. After half an hour of walking, I began to question whether or not we were doing the right thing.",
"Part 31: After all, I had never done anything illegal in my life. The closest I ever came was fighting with a bully when I was a kid, and I got expelled from school for that. I felt like I was betraying everyone who trusted me and making myself vulnerable for the sake of getting revenge.",
"Part 32: I stopped and looked back at 'The Ghost.' 'What if we're wrong?' I asked. 'What if Torgerson is innocent? Maybe we shouldn't do this. We could be putting ourselves in danger.'",
"Part 33: 'Of course we're right,' 'The Ghost' said. 'If he's guilty of cheating, he deserves to suffer for it. And don't worry, I'm going to cover your tracks. As long as you follow my instructions, we'll be fine.''Okay,' I said, though I wasn't sure if I believed him.' You ready to do this?' 'The Ghost' asked. 'Are you sure you want to go through with it?'",
"Part 34: 'Yeah,' I said. 'I'm sure.' 'Remember, don't let your guard down,' he said. 'We're dealing with a pro here. He knows what he's doing.' We continued walking, and eventually came upon a large building.",
"Part 35: It looked like a private residence, and it was surrounded by a tall fence. There were security cameras everywhere, and it was obvious that this was the home of the man we were after. 'That's it,' 'The Ghost' said. 'Don't forget the sunglasses,' 'The Ghost' reminded me. We walked up to the gate, and I was surprised to see that it was unlocked. ",
"Part 36: That's when things got really interesting. As we approached the door, it swung open. I quickly hid behind 'The Ghost,' and then we stepped inside. There was a hallway leading straight ahead, and to the left was a staircase. It was the most exciting thing that ever happened to me.",
"Part 37: 'Where do we go now?' I asked. We climbed the steps, and passed several doors before reaching the top. That's when the doors started shooting at us with laser eyes. 'What do we do?' I whispered.' 'Do you want to run away, or do you want to die trying?' 'The Ghost' replied.",
"Part 38: I  was scared, but I also knew that if we were ever going to get revenge for what happened in the flight simulation championship, we'd have to awaken our own powers. I realized that if we ran, our enemies would kill us, because they wouldn't know what we were capable of. 'I'll try,' I said.",
"Part 39: 'But what are we going to do? It's just so boring! We'll have to do something exciting within one minute or we will immediately DIE!' 'Oh shut up!' 'The Ghost' replied. 'Just keep quiet and follow my lead.' I followed him down a hall, and we came to a room filled with computers. Inside, a man sat at a desk.",
"Part 40: That man told us something truly revolutionary, something that would save our very lives and the lives of so many others, something that would shake the future of IVAO forever! 'Good afternoon,' he said. 'Who are you people?' 'We're here to steal your identity,' 'The Ghost' replied.",
"Part 41: 'If you cooperate with us, we won't hurt you. With your identity we can save the world and IVAO. All we need is for you to sign these papers. Do it or we will tell you it is rigged until you do it.' 'What?' the man said, shocked. 'What is this?' 'Just sign the papers,' 'The Ghost' said. 'It will take less than one minute.'",
"Part 42: 'But what about the rules?' 'The rules are rigged! Just sign the damn papers! RIGGED! RIGGED! RIGGED!' 'The Ghost' shouted. The man was terrified, but he signed the papers anyway. 'Thank you,' 'The Ghost' said. 'You are free to go.' Then he pulled a gun and shot the man in the head. THE END",
"Written by greenlightning6, sour_appel, tyuiopt0, Eaxkyez, and conblemmachine, with help from NovelAI."];
